Obesity and fatty liver are diseases that usually go hand in hand.
If you suffer both, and want to purify your liver and lose weight, this juice of vegetables and fruit
It can become the natural remedy you were looking for.
There are certain vegetables and fruits that have depurative properties and that also share
slimming properties, for its fiber content, antioxidants, or diuretic substances.
This is the case of beets, apples or oranges.
And with them we are going to prepare a purifying juice for fatty liver that will also help you
to lose weight.
To prepare this juice to clean the fatty liver, you will need the following ingredients:
2 beets 1 apple.
1 orange, which you can substitute for 1 grapefruit or grapefruit.
1 clove garlic.
Preparation First cook the beets.
Once cooked, put them in the blender glass, next to the apple, orange and tooth
of garlic.
Process all the ingredients until they are completely liquefied.
Once ready, you must take it immediately, to take advantage of all the benefits of each
one of the ingredients of this juice.
Garlic is one of the star ingredients in this juice, it will help you improve digestion
and it will stimulate the liver.
The beet, on the other hand, contains fiber, minerals and vitamins that act as antioxidants,
and they will help you detoxify your body.
Orange or grapefruit are citrus fruits also rich in antioxidants and fiber, they improve the
intestinal transit and contribute to purify the body.
Finally, the apple has remarkable diuretic and depurative properties, and also improves
the production of bile in the liver.
These four ingredients together will also cause you to feel full, avoiding
that you eat in excess.
Given the relationship between obesity and fatty liver disease, it is necessary to consider
need to treat them together.
This is a natural treatment that can help you cleanse the liver and lose weight,
as well as infusions of milk thistle, artichoke or boldo.
In case, in addition to drinking this juice, you should use medicines for the treatment
of both diseases, consult your doctor to avoid any type of interaction
negative or side effect.